fix: fix OTLP gateway static resource settings (#3430)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/manage-pipeline-resources.md

The Telemetry module configures VPA with the following settings:

- Memory limits are set to 2x the memory request.

> - Maximum allowed memory is calculated as 15% of the smallest Node's allocatable memory, rounded down to the nearest KiB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [maxAllowed](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/autoscaling/vertical-pod-autoscale/#minallowed-and-maxallowed) memory is calculated as 15% of the smallest Node's allocatable memory, rounded down to the nearest KiB. The `maxAllowed` memory is the maximum value that can be recommended by the VPA for the memory request.
```
